Contributor License Agreement

This Contributor License Agreement ("Agreement") is agreed to by the party contributing code to project
("Contributor") and Evgeny Igumnov, the owner and maintainer of project ("Owner").

1.Definitions:

"Contribution" means any source code, object code, bug fixes, configuration changes, tools, specifications,
documentation, or any other materials posted or submitted to project by Contributor.

"Project" refers to the project managed by Owner.

2. License Grant:

Contributor grants to Owner a exclusive, irrevocable, worldwide, royalty-free license, with rights to sublicense,
use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, and/or sell copies of the Contribution, and to permit persons
to whom the Contribution is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions.

3. Dual Licensing:

Contributor expressly grants to Owner the right to distribute or sublicense the Contribution under multiple
license terms, including without limitation, one or more commercial licenses. This grant includes
the right to license the Contribution to third parties for commercial purposes as part of the Project
or as a standalone offering.

4. Intellectual Property:

Contributor represents and warrants that the Contribution is the original work of Contributor and/or that
Contributor has the right to submit the Contribution. Contributor further represents that the Contribution does
not infringe upon any other individual's or organization's rights.

5. Moral Rights:

Contributor hereby waives all claims to any moral rights in the Contribution to the extent permitted by law and agrees
not to assert such rights against Owner or any successors in interest or assigns.

6. Affirmation:

Contributor affirms that they are over the age of 18 and legally competent to enter into this Agreement,
and that this Agreement is binding upon Contributor.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, Contributor has executed this Contributor License Agreement as of the date of
the first contribution event in Project.